.gitignore
.pre-commit-config.yaml
ReadMe.md
license.txt
mkdocs.yml
pyproject.toml
read_wpo.py
setup.cfg
docs/index.md
docs/installing.md
docs/version_history.md
src/dtx_to_wif/__init__.py
src/dtx_to_wif/dtx_reader.py
src/dtx_to_wif/pattern_data.py
src/dtx_to_wif/pattern_reader.py
src/dtx_to_wif/py.typed
src/dtx_to_wif/run_x_to_wif.py
src/dtx_to_wif/version.py
src/dtx_to_wif/wif_reader.py
src/dtx_to_wif/wif_writer.py
src/dtx_to_wif/wpo_reader.py
src/dtx_to_wif.egg-info/PKG-INFO
src/dtx_to_wif.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
src/dtx_to_wif.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
src/dtx_to_wif.egg-info/entry_points.txt
src/dtx_to_wif.egg-info/requires.txt
src/dtx_to_wif.egg-info/top_level.txt
src/test_data/bad_dtx/missing color_table warp.dtx
src/test_data/bad_dtx/missing color_table weft.dtx
src/test_data/bad_dtx/missing liftplan.dtx
src/test_data/bad_dtx/missing tieup.dtx
src/test_data/bad_dtx/missing treadling.dtx
src/test_data/bad_dtx/too many treadles in treadling.dtx
src/test_data/bad_dtx/warp_color too big.dtx
src/test_data/bad_dtx/warp_color too small.dtx
src/test_data/bad_dtx/weft_color too big.dtx
src/test_data/bad_dtx/weft_color too small.dtx
src/test_data/bad_wif/default warp color too big.wif
src/test_data/bad_wif/default warp color too small.wif
src/test_data/bad_wif/default weft color too big.wif
src/test_data/bad_wif/default weft color too small.wif
src/test_data/bad_wif/missing liftplan.wif
src/test_data/bad_wif/missing tieup.wif
src/test_data/bad_wif/missing treadling.wif
src/test_data/bad_wif/missing_color_table_warp.wif
src/test_data/bad_wif/missing_color_table_weft.wif
src/test_data/bad_wif/too many treadles in treadline.wif
src/test_data/bad_wif/warp_color too big.wif
src/test_data/bad_wif/warp_color too small.wif
src/test_data/bad_wif/weft_color too big.wif
src/test_data/bad_wif/weft_color too small.wif
src/test_data/basic_dtx/many color liftplan and zeros.dtx
src/test_data/basic_dtx/many color multiple treadles and zeros.dtx
src/test_data/basic_dtx/many color single treadles.dtx
src/test_data/basic_dtx/level2/two color liftplan.dtx
src/test_data/basic_dtx/level2/two color multiple treadles.dtx
src/test_data/basic_dtx/level2/two color single treadles.dtx
src/test_data/basic_wif/liftplan with defaults.wif
src/test_data/basic_wif/treadles with defaults.wif
src/test_data/basic_wpo/many color liftplan and zeros.wpo
src/test_data/basic_wpo/many color liftplan and zeros.wpo.wif
src/test_data/basic_wpo/many color multiple treadles and zeros.wpo
src/test_data/basic_wpo/many color multiple treadles and zeros.wpo.wif
src/test_data/basic_wpo/many color single treadles.wpo
src/test_data/basic_wpo/many color single treadles.wpo.wif
src/test_data/basic_wpo/level2/two color liftplan.wpo
src/test_data/basic_wpo/level2/two color liftplan.wpo.wif
src/test_data/basic_wpo/level2/two color multiple treadles.wpo
src/test_data/basic_wpo/level2/two color multiple treadles.wpo.wif
src/test_data/basic_wpo/level2/two color single treadles.wpo
src/test_data/basic_wpo/level2/two color single treadles.wpo.wif
src/test_data/basic_wpo/multi-byte/multi-byte liftplan.wpo
src/test_data/basic_wpo/multi-byte/multi-byte multi treadled.wpo
src/test_data/basic_wpo/multi-byte/multi-byte single treadled.wpo
src/test_data/desired_basic_wif/many color liftplan and zeros.wif
src/test_data/desired_basic_wif/many color multiple treadles and zeros.wif
src/test_data/desired_basic_wif/many color single treadles.wif
src/test_data/desired_basic_wif/multi-byte liftplan.wif
src/test_data/desired_basic_wif/multi-byte multi treadled.wif
src/test_data/desired_basic_wif/multi-byte single treadled.wif
src/test_data/desired_basic_wif/two color liftplan.wif
src/test_data/desired_basic_wif/two color multiple treadles.wif
src/test_data/desired_basic_wif/two color single treadles.wif
src/test_data/warn_wif/default warp color too big.wif
src/test_data/warn_wif/default warp color too small.wif
src/test_data/warn_wif/default weft color too big.wif
src/test_data/warn_wif/default weft color too small.wif
tests/test_dtx_reader.py
tests/test_dtx_to_wif.py
tests/test_read_specific_data.py
tests/test_wif_reader.py
tests/test_wpo_to_wif.py