================
Circuit analysis
================


Introduction
============

Lcapy can only analyse linear time invariant (LTI) circuits, this
includes both passive and active circuits.  Time invariance means that
the circuit parameters cannot change with time; i.e., capacitors
cannot change value with time.  It also means that the circuit
configuration cannot change with time, i.e., contain switches
(although switching problems can be analysed, see
:ref:`switching-analysis`).

Linearity means that superposition applies---if you double the voltage
of a source, the current (anywhere in the circuit) due to that source
will also double.  This restriction rules out components such as
diodes and transistors that have a non-linear relationship between
current and voltage (except in circumstances where the relationship
can be approximated as linear around some constant value---small
signal analysis).  Linearity also rules out capacitors where the
capacitance varies with voltage and inductors with hysteresis.



Networks and netlists
=====================

Lcapy circuits can be created using a netlist specification (see
:ref:`netlists`) or by combinations of components (see
:ref:`networks`).  For example, here are two ways to create the same
circuit:

   >>> cct1 = (Vstep(10) + R(1)) | C(2)

   >>> cct2 = Circuit()
   >>> cct2.add('V1 1 0 step 10')
   >>> cct2.add('R1 1 2 1')
   >>> cct2.add('C1 2 0 2')

The two approaches have many attributes and methods in common.  For example,

   >>> cct1.is_causal
   True
   >>> cct2.is_causal
   True
   >>> cct1.is_dc
   False
   >>> cct2.is_dc
   False

However, there are subtle differences.  For example,

   >>> cct1.Voc.laplace()
      5
   ──────
    2   s
   s  + ─
        2

   >>> cct2.Voc(2, 0).laplace()
      5
   ──────
    2   s
   s  + ─
        2

Notice, the second example requires specific nodes to determine the
open-circuit voltage across.  The advantage of the netlist approach is
that component names can be used, for example,

   >>> cct2.V1.V.laplace()
      5
   ──────
    2   s
   s  + ─
        2



Linear circuit analysis
=======================

The voltages and currents in a circuit can be found by applying
Kirchhoff's current and voltage laws in conjunction with the
relationships between voltage and current for resistors, capacitors,
and inductors.  However, this leads to a system of simultaneous
integro-differential equations to solve.  This is not fun!

If the system is linear, superposition can be applied to consider the
effect of each independent current and voltage source in isolation and
summing the results.  Furthermore, differential equations are not
required for DC signals and can be avoided by using transform
techniques (phasor analysis for AC signals and Laplace analysis for
transient signals).  Thus for each domain, the voltages and currents
can be found by solving a system of linear equations.

Lcapy's algorithm for solving a circuit is:

1. If a capacitor or inductor is found to have initial conditions, then the circuit is analysed as an initial value problem using Laplace methods.  In this case, the sources are ignored for :math:`t<0` and the result is only known for :math:`t\ge 0`.

2. If there are no capacitors and inductors and if none of the independent sources are specified in the Laplace domain, then time-domain analysis is performed (since no derivatives or integrals are required).

3. Finally, Lcapy tries to decompose the sources into DC, AC, transient, and noise components.  The circuit is analysed for each source category using the appropriate transform domain (phasors for AC, Laplace domain for transients) and the results are added.  If there are multiple noise sources, these are considered independently since they are assumed to be uncorrelated.

The method that Lcapy uses can be found using the `describe()` method.   For example,

   >>> cct = Circuit("""
   ... V1 1 0 {1 + u(t)}
   ... R1 1 2
   ... L1 2 0""")
   >>> cct.describe()
   This is solved using superposition.
   DC analysis is used for source V1.
   Laplace analysis is used for source V1.


   >>> cct = Circuit("""
   ... V1 1 0 {1 + u(t)}
   ... R1 1 2
   ... V2 2 0 ac""")
   >>> cct.describe()
   This is solved using superposition.
   Time-domain analysis is used for source V1.
   Phasor analysis is used for source V2.


DC analysis
-----------

The simplest special case is for a DC independent source.  DC is an
idealised concept---it impossible to generate---but is a good
approximation for very slowly changing sources.  With a DC independent
source the dependent sources are also DC and thus no voltages or
currents change.  Thus capacitors can be replaced with open-circuits
and inductors can be replaced with short-circuits.  Note, Lcapy places
a conductance in parallel with each capacitor and considers the limit
as the conductance goes to zero.


AC (phasor) analysis
--------------------

AC, like DC, is an idealised concept.  It allows circuits to be
analysed using phasors and impedances.  The use of impedances avoids
solving integro-differential equations in the time domain.


Transient (Laplace) analysis
----------------------------

The response due to a transient excitation from an independent source
can be analysed using Laplace analysis.  Since the unilateral
transform is not unique (it ignores the circuit behaviour for :math:`t
< 0`), the response can only be determined for :math:`t \ge 0`.

If the independent sources are known to be causal (a causal signal is
zero for :math:`t < 0` analogous to a causal impulse response) and the
initial conditions (i.e., the voltages across capacitors and currents
through inductors) are zero, then the response is 0 for :math:`t < 0`.
Thus in this case, the response can be specified for all :math:`t`.

The response due to a general non-causal excitation is hard to
determine using Laplace analysis.  One strategy is to use circuit
analysis techniques to determine the response for :math:`t < 0`,
compute the pre-initial conditions, and then use Laplace analysis to
determine the response for :math:`t \ge 0`.  Note, the pre-initial
conditions at :math:`t = 0_{-}` are required.  These differ from the
initial conditions at :math:`t = 0` whenever a Dirac delta (or its
derivative) excitation is considered.  Determining the initial
conditions is not straightforward for arbitrary excitations and at the
moment Lcapy expects you to do this!

The use of pre-initial conditions also allows switching circuits to be
considered (see :ref:`switching-analysis`).  In this case the
independent sources are ignored for :math:`t < 0` and the result is
only known for :math:`t \ge 0`.

Note if any of the pre-initial conditions are non-zero and the
independent sources are causal then either we have an initial value
problem or a mistake has been made.  Lcapy assumes that if any of the
inductors and capacitors have explicit initial conditions, then the
circuit is to be analysed as an initial value problem with the
independent sources ignored for :math:`t \ge 0`.  In this case a DC
source is not DC since it is considered to switch on at :math:`t = 0`.


.. _switching-analysis:

Switching analysis
------------------

Whenever a circuit has a switch it is time variant.  The opening or
closing of the switch changes the circuit and can produce transients.
Be careful with switching circuits since it easy to produce a circuit
that cannot be analysed; for example, an inductor may be
open-circuited when a switch opens.

Lcapy can solve circuits with switches by converting them to an
initial value problem (IVP) with the `convert_IVP()` method.  This has
a time argument that is used to determine the states of the switches.
The circuit is solved prior to the moment when the last switch
activates and this is used to provide initial values for the moment
when the last switch activates.  If there are multiple switches with
different activation times, the initial values are evaluated
recursively.  See :ref:`switchingcircuits` for some examples.


Noise analysis
--------------

Each noise source is assigned a noise identifier (nid), see :ref:`noisesignals`.  Noise expressions with different nids are assumed to be independent and thus
represent different noise realisations.

Lcapy analyses the circuit for each noise realisation independently
and stores the result for each realisation separately.  For example,

   >>> a = Circuit()
   >>> a.add('Vn1 1 0 noise 3')
   >>> a.add('Vn2 2 1 noise 4')
   >>> a[2].V
   {n1: 3, n2: 4}
   >>> a[1].V
   {n1: 3}
   >>> a[2].V - a[1].V
   {n1: 0, n2: 4}
   >>> a[2].V.n
   5

Notice that the `.n` attribute returns the total noise found by adding
each noise component in quadrature, i.e., :math:`\sqrt{3^2 + 4^2},`
since the noise components have different nids and are thus
independent.

Each resistor in a circuit can be converted into a series combination
of an ideal resistor and a noise voltage source using the
`noise_model` method.


.. _mesh-analysis:

Mesh analysis
-------------

Lcapy can output the mesh equations for a planar circuit by applying
Kirchhoff's voltage law around each loop in the circuit.  For example,
consider the netlist:

   >>> cct = Circuit("""
   ...V1 1 0; down
   ...R1 1 2; right
   ...L1 2 3; right
   ...R2 3 4; right
   ...L2 2 0_2; down
   ...C2 3 0_3; down
   ...R3 4 0_4; down
   ...W 0 0_2; right
   ...W 0_2 0_3; right
   ...W 0_3 0_4; right""")
   >>> cct.draw()

.. image:: examples/netlists/graph2.png
   :width: 8cm


The mesh equations are found using::

   >>> l = cct.mesh_analysis()
   >>> l.mesh_equations()
   ⎧                                              t
   ⎪                                              ⌠
   ⎪                                              ⎮  (-i₁(τ) + i₃(τ)) dτ
   ⎨                                              ⌡
   ⎪          d               d                   -∞
   ⎪i₁(t): L₁⋅──(-i₁(t)) + L₂⋅──(i₁(t) - i₂(t)) + ────────────────────── = 0,
   ⎩          dt              dt                            C₂
              d
    i₂(t): L₂⋅──(i₁(t) - i₂(t)) - R₁⋅i₂(t) + v₁(t) = 0,
              dt
                                   t
                                  ⌠                         ⎪
                                  ⎮  (-i₁(τ) + i₃(τ)) dτ    ⎪
                                  ⌡                         ⎬
                                  -∞                        ⎪
    i₃(t): -R₂⋅i₃(t) - R₃⋅i₃(t) + ────────────────────── = 0⎪
                                      C₂                    ⎭

Note, the dictionary is keyed by the mesh current.

The mesh equations can be formulated in the s-domain using:

   >>> l = cct.laplace().mesh_analysis()
   >>> l.mesh_equations()
   ⎧                              I₁(s) - I₂(s)                                                  I₁(s) - I₂(s)                                               1    ⎫
   ⎨I₁(s): -R₂⋅I₁(s) - R₃⋅I₁(s) + ───────────── = 0, I₂(s): -L₁⋅s⋅I₂(s) + L₂⋅s⋅(I₂(s) - I₃(s)) + ───────────── = 0, I₃(s): L₂⋅s⋅(I₂(s) - I₃(s)) - R₁⋅I₃(s) + ─ = 0⎬
   ⎩                                   C₂⋅s                                                           C₂⋅s                                                   s    ⎭


The system of equations can be formulated in matrix form as :math:`\mathbf{A} \mathbf{y} = \mathbf{b}` using::

   >>> l.matrix_equations(form='A y = b')
   ⎡      R₁                                     ⎤
   ⎢-L₂ - ──          0                 L₂       ⎥
   ⎢      s                                      ⎥
   ⎢                                             ⎥        ⎡-1 ⎤
   ⎢            R₂   R₃     1          -1        ⎥ ⎡I₁⎤   ⎢───⎥
   ⎢   0      - ── - ── + ─────       ─────      ⎥ ⎢  ⎥   ⎢ s ⎥
   ⎢            s    s        2           2      ⎥⋅⎢I₂⎥ = ⎢   ⎥
   ⎢                      C₂⋅s        C₂⋅s       ⎥ ⎢  ⎥   ⎢ 0 ⎥
   ⎢                                             ⎥ ⎣I₃⎦   ⎢   ⎥
   ⎢                  1                       1  ⎥        ⎣ 0 ⎦
   ⎢  -L₂           ─────        -L₁ + L₂ - ─────⎥
   ⎢                    2                       2⎥
   ⎣                C₂⋅s                    C₂⋅s ⎦

The system of equations can be shown in a number of forms: `y = Ainv b`, `Ainv b = y`, `A y = b`, and `b = A y`.  The `inverse` argument calculates the inverse of the `A` matrix.

The matrix is returned by the `A` attribute, the vector of unknowns by the `y` attribute, and the result vector by the `b` attribute.

The mesh currents can be found with the `solve_laplace()` method.
This solves the circuit using Laplace transform methods and returns a
dictionary of results.

The mesh analysis implementation does not support twoport components,
such as transformers and gyrators.


.. _nodal-analysis:

Nodal analysis
--------------

Lcapy can output the nodal equations by applying Kirchhoff's current
law at each node in a circuit.  For example, consider the netlist:

   >>> cct = Circuit("""
   ...V1 1 0 {u(t)}; down
   ...R1 1 2; right
   ...L1 2 3; right
   ...R2 3 4; right
   ...L2 2 0_2; down
   ...C2 3 0_3; down
   ...R3 4 0_4; down
   ...W 0 0_2; right
   ...W 0_2 0_3; right
   ...W 0_3 0_4; right""")
   >>> cct.draw()

.. image:: examples/netlists/graph2.png
   :width: 8cm


The nodal equations are found using::

   >>> n = cct.nodal_analysis()
   >>> n.nodal_equations()
   ⎧
   ⎪
   ⎪
   ⎨
   ⎪
   ⎪ 1: v₁(t) = u(t),
   ⎩
                             t              t
                            ⌠              ⌠
                            ⎮  v₂(τ) dτ    ⎮  (v₂(τ) - v₃(τ)) dτ
                            ⌡              ⌡
         -v₁(t) + v₂(t)   -∞             -∞
     2: ──────────────── + ──────────── + ─────────────────────── = 0,
                R₁               L₂                   L₁

                                           t
                                          ⌠
                                          ⎮  (-v₂(τ) + v₃(τ)) dτ
                                          ⌡
           d            v₃(t) - v₄(t)   -∞
     3: C₂⋅──(v₃(t)) + ─────────────── + ──────────────────────── = 0,
           dt                  R₂                  L₁

                                      ⎫
                                      ⎪
                                      ⎪
                                      ⎬
         v₄(t)   -v₃(t) + v₄(t)       ⎪
     4: ────── + ──────────────── = 0 ⎪
          R₃            R₂            ⎭


Note, these are keyed by the node names.  The `node_prefix` argument
can be used with `nodal_analysis()` to resolve ambiguities with component
voltages and node voltages.

The nodal equations can be formulated in the s-domain using::

   >>> na = cct.laplace().nodal_analysis()
   >>> na.nodal_equations()
   ⎧           1
   ⎨1: V₁(s) = ─,
   ⎩           s
       -V₁(s) + V₂(s)   V₂(s)   V₂(s) - V₃(s)
    2: ────────────── + ───── + ───────────── = 0,
             R₁          L₂⋅s        L₁⋅s
                    V₃(s) - V₄(s)   -V₂(s) + V₃(s)
    3: C₂⋅s⋅V₃(s) + ───────────── + ────────────── = 0,
                          R₂             L₁⋅s
       V₄(s)   -V₃(s) + V₄(s)    ⎫
    4: ───── + ────────────── = 0⎬
         R₃          R₂          ⎭


The system of equations can be formulated in matrix form as :math:`\mathbf{A} \mathbf{y} = \mathbf{b}` using::

   >>> l.matrix_equations(form='A y = b')
   ⎡ 1             0                    0               0     ⎤
   ⎢                                                          ⎥
   ⎢-1     1       1       1           -1                     ⎥
   ⎢────  ──── + ───── + ─────        ─────             0     ⎥        ⎡1⎤
   ⎢R₁⋅s  R₁⋅s       2       2            2                   ⎥ ⎡V₁⎤   ⎢─⎥
   ⎢             L₂⋅s    L₁⋅s         L₁⋅s                    ⎥ ⎢  ⎥   ⎢s⎥
   ⎢                                                          ⎥ ⎢V₂⎥   ⎢ ⎥
   ⎢              -1                  1       1       -1      ⎥⋅⎢  ⎥ = ⎢0⎥
   ⎢ 0           ─────          C₂ + ──── + ─────     ────    ⎥ ⎢V₃⎥   ⎢ ⎥
   ⎢                 2               R₂⋅s       2     R₂⋅s    ⎥ ⎢  ⎥   ⎢0⎥
   ⎢             L₁⋅s                       L₁⋅s              ⎥ ⎣V₄⎦   ⎢ ⎥
   ⎢                                                          ⎥        ⎣0⎦
   ⎢                                  -1            1      1  ⎥
   ⎢ 0             0                  ────         ──── + ────⎥
   ⎣                                  R₂⋅s         R₃⋅s   R₂⋅s⎦

The system of equations can be shown in a number of forms: `y = Ainv b`, `Ainv b = y`, `A y = b`, and `b = A y`.  The `invert` argument calculates the inverse of the `A` matrix (see :ref:`system-of-equations`).

The matrix is returned by the `A` attribute, the vector of unknowns by the `y` attribute, and the result vector by the `b` attribute.

The node voltages can be found with the `solve_laplace()` method.
This solves the circuit using Laplace transform methods and returns a
dictionary of results.

The nodal analysis implementation does not support twoport components,
such as transformers and gyrators.  Instead use modified nodal analysis.

.. _modified-nodal-analysis:

Modified nodal analysis
-----------------------

Here's an example with an independent source (V1) that has a DC
component and an unknown component that is considered a transient:

   >>> from lcapy import Circuit
   >>> a = Circuit("""
   ... V1 1 0 {10 + v(t)}; down
   ... R1 1 2; right
   ... L1 2 3; right=1.5, i={i_L}
   ... R2 3 0_3; down=1.5, i={i_{R2}}, v={v_{R2}}
   ... W 0 0_3; right
   ... W 3 3_a; right
   ... C1 3_a 0_4; down, i={i_C}, v={v_C}
   ... W 0_3 0_4; right""")

The corresponding circuit for DC analysis can be found using the `dc()` method:

   >>> a.dc()
   V1 1 0 dc {10}; down
   R1 1 2; right
   L1 2 3 L1; right=1.5, i={i_L}
   R2 3 0_3; i={i_{R2}}, down=1.5, v={v_{R2}}
   W 0 0_3; right
   W 3 3_a; right
   C1 3_a 0_4 C1; i={i_C}, down, v={v_C}
   W 0_3 0_4; right

The equations used to solve this can be found with the `matrix_equations()` method:

   >>> ac.dc().matrix_equations()
                                   -1
            ⎛⎡1    -1            ⎤⎞
            ⎜⎢──   ───  0   1  0 ⎥⎟
            ⎜⎢R₁    R₁           ⎥⎟
   ⎡V₁  ⎤   ⎜⎢                   ⎥⎟   ⎡0 ⎤
   ⎢    ⎥   ⎜⎢-1   1             ⎥⎟   ⎢  ⎥
   ⎢V₂  ⎥   ⎜⎢───  ──   0   0  1 ⎥⎟   ⎢0 ⎥
   ⎢    ⎥   ⎜⎢ R₁  R₁            ⎥⎟   ⎢  ⎥
   ⎢V₃  ⎥ = ⎜⎢                   ⎥⎟  ⋅⎢0 ⎥
   ⎢    ⎥   ⎜⎢          1        ⎥⎟   ⎢  ⎥
   ⎢I_V1⎥   ⎜⎢ 0    0   ──  0  -1⎥⎟   ⎢10⎥
   ⎢    ⎥   ⎜⎢          R₂       ⎥⎟   ⎢  ⎥
   ⎣I_L1⎦   ⎜⎢                   ⎥⎟   ⎣0 ⎦
            ⎜⎢ 1    0   0   0  0 ⎥⎟
            ⎜⎢                   ⎥⎟
            ⎝⎣ 0    1   -1  0  0 ⎦⎠

Here `V1`, `V2`, and `V3` are the unknown node voltages for nodes 1, 2, and 3.  `I_V1` is the current through V1 and `I_L1` is the current through L1.


The equations are similar for the transient response:

   >>> a.transient().matrix_equations()
                                                -1
               ⎛⎡1    -1                      ⎤⎞
               ⎜⎢──   ───      0      1    0  ⎥⎟
               ⎜⎢R₁    R₁                     ⎥⎟
   ⎡V₁(s)  ⎤   ⎜⎢                             ⎥⎟   ⎡ 0  ⎤
   ⎢       ⎥   ⎜⎢-1   1                       ⎥⎟   ⎢    ⎥
   ⎢V₂(s)  ⎥   ⎜⎢───  ──       0      0    1  ⎥⎟   ⎢ 0  ⎥
   ⎢       ⎥   ⎜⎢ R₁  R₁                      ⎥⎟   ⎢    ⎥
   ⎢V₃(s)  ⎥ = ⎜⎢                             ⎥⎟  ⋅⎢ 0  ⎥
   ⎢       ⎥   ⎜⎢                 1           ⎥⎟   ⎢    ⎥
   ⎢I_V1(s)⎥   ⎜⎢ 0    0   C₁⋅s + ──  0   -1  ⎥⎟   ⎢V(s)⎥
   ⎢       ⎥   ⎜⎢                 R₂          ⎥⎟   ⎢    ⎥
   ⎣I_L1(s)⎦   ⎜⎢                             ⎥⎟   ⎣ 0  ⎦
               ⎜⎢ 1    0       0      0    0  ⎥⎟
               ⎜⎢                             ⎥⎟
               ⎝⎣ 0    1      -1      0  -L₁⋅s⎦⎠

See :ref:`system-of-equations` for formatting of the equations.

.. _state-space-analysis:

State-space analysis
--------------------

Lcapy can generate a state-space representation of a circuit.  It
chooses the currents through inductors and the voltage across
capacitors as the state variables.  It can then generate the state and
output equations as well as the characteristic polynomial, etc.

However, Lcapy does not support degenerate circuits (see
:ref:`degenerate-circuits`).  These are circuits with a loop
consisting only of voltage sources and/or capacitors, or a cut set
consisting only of current sources and/or inductors.  Using
`simplify()` on the netlist can resolve some of these problems.

State-space analysis is performed by accessing the `ss` attribute of a
circuit (this generates a `StateSpace` object and caches the result), e.g.,

   >>> from lcapy import Circuit
   >>> a = Circuit("""
   ... V 1 0 {v(t)}; down
   ... R1 1 2; right
   ... L 2 3; right=1.5, i=i_L
   ... R2 3 0_3; down=1.5, i=i_{R2}, v=v_{R2}
   ... W 0 0_3; right
   ... W 3 3_a; right
   ... C 3_a 0_4; down, i=i_C, v=v_C
   ... W 0_3 0_4; right""")
   >>> ss = a.ss

.. image:: examples/netlists/ss1.png
   :width: 8cm

If you want to control which node voltages or branch currents are used as output variables, use the `state_space()` method.

This circuit has two reactive components and thus there are two state
variables; the current through `L` and the voltage across `C`.

The state variable vector is shown using the `x` attribute:

   >>> ss.x
   ⎡i_L(t)⎤
   ⎢      ⎥
   ⎣v_C(t)⎦

The initial values of the state variable vector are shown using the `x0` attribute:

   >>> ss.x0
   ⎡0⎤
   ⎢ ⎥
   ⎣0⎦

The independent source vector is shown using the `u` attribute.  In this example, there is a single independent source:

   >>> ss.u
   [v(t)]

The output vector can either be the nodal voltages, the branch
currents, or both.  By default the nodal voltages are chosen.  This
vector is shown using the `y` attribute:

   >>> ss.y
   ⎡v₁(t)⎤
   ⎢     ⎥
   ⎢v₂(t)⎥
   ⎢     ⎥
   ⎣v₃(t)⎦

The state equations are shown using the `state_equations()` method:

   >>> ss.state_equations()
   ⎡d         ⎤   ⎡-R₁  -1  ⎤
   ⎢──(i_L(t))⎥   ⎢───  ─── ⎥            ⎡1⎤
   ⎢dt        ⎥   ⎢ L    L  ⎥ ⎡i_L(t)⎤   ⎢─⎥
   ⎢          ⎥ = ⎢         ⎥⋅⎢      ⎥ + ⎢L⎥⋅[v(t)]
   ⎢d         ⎥   ⎢-1   -1  ⎥ ⎣v_C(t)⎦   ⎢ ⎥
   ⎢──(v_C(t))⎥   ⎢───  ────⎥            ⎣0⎦
   ⎣dt        ⎦   ⎣ C   C⋅R₂⎦

The output equations are shown using the `output_equations()` method:

   >>> ss.output_equations()
   ⎡v₁(t)⎤   ⎡0    0⎤            ⎡1⎤
   ⎢     ⎥   ⎢      ⎥ ⎡i_L(t)⎤   ⎢ ⎥
   ⎢v₂(t)⎥ = ⎢-R₁  0⎥⋅⎢      ⎥ + ⎢1⎥⋅[v(t)]
   ⎢     ⎥   ⎢      ⎥ ⎣v_C(t)⎦   ⎢ ⎥
   ⎣v₃(t)⎦   ⎣0    1⎦            ⎣0⎦


The `A`, `B`, `C`, and `D` matrices are obtained using the attributes
of the same name.  For example,

   >>> ss.A
   ⎡-R₁   -1  ⎤
   ⎢───   ─── ⎥
   ⎢ L     L  ⎥
   ⎢          ⎥
   ⎢ 1    -1  ⎥
   ⎢───   ────⎥
   ⎣ C    C⋅R₂⎦

   >>> ss.B
   ⎡1⎤
   ⎢─⎥
   ⎢L⎥
   ⎢ ⎥
   ⎣0⎦

   >>> ss.C
   ⎡0    0⎤
   ⎢      ⎥
   ⎢-R₁  0⎥
   ⎢      ⎥
   ⎣0    1⎦

   >>> ss.D
   ⎡1⎤
   ⎢ ⎥
   ⎢1⎥
   ⎢ ⎥
   ⎣0⎦


The Laplace transforms of the state variable vector, the independent
source vector, and the output vector are accessed using the `X`, `U`,
and `Y` attributes.  For example,

   >>> ss.X
   ⎡I_L(s)⎤
   ⎢      ⎥
   ⎣V_C(s)⎦

The s-domain state-transition matrix is given by the `Phi` attribute
and the time-domain state-transition matrix is given by the `phi`
attribute.  For example,

   >>> ss.Phi
   ⎡                  1                                                   ⎤
   ⎢             s + ────                                                 ⎥
   ⎢                 C⋅R₂                              -1                 ⎥
   ⎢  ──────────────────────────────    ──────────────────────────────────⎥
   ⎢   2   s⋅(C⋅R₁⋅R₂ + L)   R₁ + R₂      ⎛ 2   s⋅(C⋅R₁⋅R₂ + L)   R₁ + R₂⎞⎥
   ⎢  s  + ─────────────── + ───────    L⋅⎜s  + ─────────────── + ───────⎟⎥
   ⎢            C⋅L⋅R₂        C⋅L⋅R₂      ⎝          C⋅L⋅R₂        C⋅L⋅R₂⎠⎥
   ⎢                                                                      ⎥
   ⎢                                                      R₁              ⎥
   ⎢                                                  s + ──              ⎥
   ⎢                1                                     L               ⎥
   ⎢──────────────────────────────────    ──────────────────────────────  ⎥
   ⎢  ⎛ 2   s⋅(C⋅R₁⋅R₂ + L)   R₁ + R₂⎞     2   s⋅(C⋅R₁⋅R₂ + L)   R₁ + R₂  ⎥
   ⎢C⋅⎜s  + ─────────────── + ───────⎟    s  + ─────────────── + ───────  ⎥
   ⎣  ⎝          C⋅L⋅R₂        C⋅L⋅R₂⎠              C⋅L⋅R₂        C⋅L⋅R₂  ⎦


The system transfer functions are given by the `G` attribute and the
impulse responses are given by the `g` attributes, for example:

   >>> ss.G
   ⎡                 1                  ⎤
   ⎢                                    ⎥
   ⎢           2    s      1            ⎥
   ⎢          s  + ──── + ───           ⎥
   ⎢               C⋅R₂   C⋅L           ⎥
   ⎢   ──────────────────────────────   ⎥
   ⎢    2   s⋅(C⋅R₁⋅R₂ + L)   R₁ + R₂   ⎥
   ⎢   s  + ─────────────── + ───────   ⎥
   ⎢             C⋅L⋅R₂        C⋅L⋅R₂   ⎥
   ⎢                                    ⎥
   ⎢                 1                  ⎥
   ⎢────────────────────────────────────⎥
   ⎢    ⎛ 2   s⋅(C⋅R₁⋅R₂ + L)   R₁ + R₂⎞⎥
   ⎢C⋅L⋅⎜s  + ─────────────── + ───────⎟⎥
   ⎣    ⎝          C⋅L⋅R₂        C⋅L⋅R₂⎠⎦


The characteristic polynomial (system polynomial) is given by the `P`
attribute, for example,

   >>> ss.P
    2   s⋅(C⋅R₁⋅R₂ + L)   R₁ + R₂
   s  + ─────────────── + ────────
             C⋅L⋅R₂        C⋅L⋅R₂

The roots of this polynomial are the eigenvalues of the system.  These
are given by the `eigenvalues` attribute.  The corresponding
eigenvectors are the columns of the modal matrix given by the `M`
attribute.  A diagonal matrix of the eigenvalues is returned by the
`Lambda` attribute.

The singular values of the system are returned by the `singular_values` attribute.

For other methods and attributes, see :ref:`state-space`.


.. _degenerate-circuits:

Degenerate circuits
-------------------

Lcapy's state-space analysis currently does not support degenerate
circuits.  These are circuits with a loop consisting only of voltage
sources and/or capacitors, or a cut set consisting only of current
sources and/or inductors.  In these cases, choosing capacitor voltages
(or inductor currents) for the state variables produces dependent
state variables.

Consider an opamp integrator.

.. image:: examples/schematics/integrator.png
   :width: 8cm

In this circuit, there is one state variable; the voltage across the capacitor.
However, if the resistor was replaced with a wire, the voltage across the capacitor is constrained and so the capacitor voltage is not a state variable.  Lcapy will produce the following error:

   >>> Circuit('degenerate.sch').ss
   ValueError: State-space analysis failed.
   The MNA A matrix is not invertible for time analysis:
       Check voltage source is not short-circuited.
       Check for loop of voltage sources.
       Check for a loop consisting of voltage sources and/or capacitors.

A similar problem will occur if a capacitor is connected in parallel
with the resistor.  In this case, there is a loop consisting of
voltage sources and capacitors (the output of the opamp is a voltage
controlled voltage source).  Thus both the capacitor voltages cannot
be chosen as state variables since they are not independent (the
voltage across one capacitor is constrained by the voltage across the
other capacitor).


CircuitGraph
============

Both `NodalAnalysis` and `LoopAnalysis` use `CircuitGraph` to represent a netlist as a graph.  This can be interrogated to find loops, etc.   For example, consider the netlist:

   >>> cct = Circuit("""
   ...V1 1 0; down
   ...R1 1 2; right
   ...L1 2 0_2; down
   ...R2 1 3; right
   ...L2 3 0_3; down
   ...W 0 0_2; right
   ...W 0_2 0_3; right""")
   >>> cct.draw()


.. image:: examples/netlists/graph1.png
   :width: 7cm

The graph is:

.. image:: examples/netlists/circuitgraph1.png
   :width: 8cm

The loops in the graph can be found using::

   >>> cg = cct.circuit_graph()
   >>> cg.loops()
   [['0', '1', '3'], ['0', '1', '2']]
   >>> cg.draw()

Here's another example::

   >>> cct = Circuit("""
   ...V1 1 0; down
   ...R1 1 2; right
   ...L1 2 3; right
   ...R2 3 4; right
   ...L2 2 0_2; down
   ...C2 3 0_3; down
   ...R3 4 0_4; down
   ...W 0 0_2; right
   ...W 0_2 0_3; right
   ...W 0_3 0_4; right""")
   >>> cct.draw()


.. image:: examples/netlists/graph2.png
   :width: 10cm

The graph is:

.. image:: examples/netlists/circuitgraph2.png
   :width: 8cm

The loops in the graph can be found using::

  >>> cg = cct.circuit_graph()
   >>> cg.loops()
   [['0', '3', '4'], ['0', '2', '3'], ['0', '1', '2']]
   >>> cg.draw()

Note, `circuit_graph()` inserts dummy nodes and wires to avoid parallel edges.  For example::

     >>> cct = Circuit("""
     V 1 0 {v(t)}; down
     R1 1 2; right
     L 2 3; right=1.5, i={i_L}
     R2 3 0_3; down=1.5, i={i_{R2}}, v={v_{R2}}
     W 0 0_3; right
     W 3 3_a; right
     C 3_a 0_4; down, i={i_C}, v={v_C}
     W 0_3 0_4; right""")
   >>> cct.draw()


.. image:: examples/netlists/graph4.png
   :width: 8cm

In this circuit, R2 is in parallel with C so Lcapy adds a dummy node 0* and a dummy component W01.  The resulting graph is:

.. image:: examples/netlists/circuitgraph4.png
   :width: 8cm

The cycle matrix for this example is::

   >>> cct.cg.cycle_matrix
   ⎡-1  1  1  1   0⎤
   ⎢               ⎥
   ⎣0   0  0  -1  1⎦

where::

   >>> cct.cg.cycle_matrix * cct.cg.branch_voltage_name_vector
   ⎡V_L + V_R1 + V_R2 - V_V⎤
   ⎢                       ⎥
   ⎣      V_C - V_R2       ⎦

This vector equates to zero.  It is equivalent to Kirchhoff's voltage law applied around all the loops.

The incidence matrix for this example is::

   >>> cct.cg.incidence_matrix
   ⎡0   -1  0   -1  -1⎤
   ⎢                  ⎥
   ⎢1   0   -1  0   0 ⎥
   ⎢                  ⎥
   ⎢0   1   1   0   0 ⎥
   ⎢                  ⎥
   ⎣-1  0   0   1   1 ⎦

where::

   >>> cct.cg.incidence_matrix * cct.cg.branch_current_name_vector
   ⎡-I_L - I_R2 - I_V⎤
   ⎢                 ⎥
   ⎢    I_C - I_R    ⎥
   ⎢                 ⎥
   ⎢    I_R + I_V    ⎥
   ⎢                 ⎥
   ⎣-I_C + I_L + I_R2⎦


This vector equates to zero.  It is equivalent to Kirchhoff's current law applied at all the nodes.


CircuitGraph attributes
-----------------------

- `DG` the underlying directed networkx graph

- `UG` the underlying undirected networkx graph

- `is_connected` `True` if all the components are connected as a single graph

- `is_planar` `True` if the component graph is planar

- `components` list of component names

- `nodes` the nodes comprising the graph

- `num_nodes` the number of nodes comprising the graph

- `num_branches` the number of branches (edges) comprising the graph

- `num_parts` the number of separate graphs

- `nullity` the number of meshes for a planar graph

- `rank` the required number of node voltages for nodal analysis

- `node_connectivity` the minimum connectivity of the graph.  If 0, one or more components are connected, if 1, one or more components are connected at a single node, etc.

- `branch_name_list` list of branches by component name

- `branch_current_name_vector` branch current name vector.  The branch current names are of the form `I_cptname` where `cptname` is the component name.

- `branch_voltage_name_vector` branch voltage name vector.  The branch voltage names are of the form `V_cptname` where `cptname` is the component name.

- `incidence_matrix` the incidence matrix A.  The number of rows is the number of nodes and the number of columns is the number of branches (edges).  Each element is either 0, 1, or -1.

  If I is a vector of edge currents then A I = 0.

- `cycle_matrix` the cycle matrix B.  The number of rows is the number of loops and the number of columns is the number of branches (edges).  Each element is either 0, 1, or -1.

If V is a vector of branch voltages then B V = 0.


CircuitGraph methods
--------------------

- `connected(node)` set of components connected to `node`

- `cut_sets()` list of cut sets, where each cut set is specified by a set of nodes

- `cut_vertices()` list of cut vertices, where each cut vertex is a node

- `cut_edges()` list of cut edges, where each cut edge is a tuple of nodes

- `loops()` list of nodes where each loop is a list of nodes

- `loops_by_cpt_name()` list of loops where each loop is a list of component names

- `draw(filename)` draw the graph and save as `filename`.  If `filename` is not specified, the graph is displayed.

- `node_edges(node)`  edges connected to specified node

- `component(node1, node2)` component connected between specified nodes

- `in_series(cpt_name)` set of component names in series with specified `cpt_name`

- `in_parallel(cpt_name)` set of component names in parallel with specified `cpt_name`

- `tree()` the minimum spanning tree.

- `links()` the edges removed from the graph when forming the minimum spanning tree

- `unreachable_nodes(node)` a list of nodes that have no path to `node`

- `has_path(node1, node2)` `True` if there is a path from `node1` to `node2`


.. _simulation:


Numerical simulation
====================

Lcapy can perform time-stepping numerical simulation of a circuit
using numerical integration.  Currently, only linear circuit elements
can be simulated although this could be extended to non-linear
components such as diodes and transistors.  If you need to model a
non-linear circuit numerically using Python, see PySpice
(https://pypi.org/project/PySpice/).

Here's an example that compares the analytic and numerical results for
an R-L circuit:

   >>> from lcapy import Circuit
   >>> from numpy import linspace
   >>> from matplotlib.pyplot import savefig
   >>>
   >>> cct = Circuit("""
   >>> V1 1 0 step 10; down
   >>> R1 1 2 5; right
   >>> L1 2 0_2 2; down
   >>> W 0 0_2; right""")
   >>>
   >>> tv = linspace(0, 1, 100)
   >>>
   >>> results = cct.sim(tv)
   >>>
   >>> ax = cct.R1.v.plot(tv, label='analytic')
   >>> ax.plot(tv, results.R1.v, label='simulated')
   >>> ax.legend()
   >>>
   >>> savefig('sim1.png')

.. image:: examples/simulation/VRL1.png
   :width: 6cm

.. image:: examples/simulation/sim1.png
   :width: 12cm


Integration methods
-------------------

Currently the only supported numerical integration methods are
trapezoidal and backward-Euler (others would be trivial to add).  The
trapezoidal method is the default since it is accurate but it can be
unstable producing some oscillations.  Unfortunately, there is no
ideal numerical integration method and there is always a tradeoff
between accuracy and stability.

Here's an example of using the backward-Euler integration method:

   >>> results = cct.sim(tv, integrator='backward-euler')


.. _system-of-equations:


System of equations
===================

A system of equations can be shown in a number of forms: `y = Ainv b`, `Ainv b = y`, `A y = b`, and `b = A y`.  The `invert` argument calculates the inverse of the `A` matrix (see :ref:`system-of-equations`).
