.TH "ramalama-chat 1" 
.nh
.ad l

.SH NAME
.PP
ramalama\-chat \- OpenAI chat with the specified REST API URL

.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBramalama chat\fP [\fIoptions\fP] [arg...]

.PP
positional arguments:
  ARGS                  overrides the default prompt, and the output is
                        returned without entering the chatbot

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Chat with an OpenAI Rest API

.SH OPTIONS
.SS \fB\-\-api\-key\fP
.PP
OpenAI\-compatible API key.
Can also be set via the API\_KEY environment variable.

.SS \fB\-\-color\fP
.PP
Indicate whether or not to use color in the chat.
Possible values are "never", "always" and "auto". (default: auto)

.SS \fB\-\-help\fP, \fB\-h\fP
.PP
Show this help message and exit

.SS \fB\-\-list\fP
.PP
List the available models at an endpoint

.SS \fB\-\-mcp\fP=SERVER\_URL
.PP
MCP (Model Context Protocol) servers to use for enhanced tool calling capabilities.
Can be specified multiple times to connect to multiple MCP servers.
Each server provides tools that can be automatically invoked during chat conversations.

.SS \fB\-\-model\fP=MODEL
.PP
Model for inferencing (may not be required for endpoints that only serve one model)

.SS \fB\-\-prefix\fP
.PP
Prefix for the user prompt (default: ðŸ¦­ > )

.SS \fB\-\-rag\fP=path
.PP
A file or directory of files to be loaded and provided as local context in the chat history.

.SS \fB\-\-url\fP=URL
.PP
The host to send requests to (default: 
\[la]http://127.0.0.1:8080\[ra])

.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
Communicate with the default local OpenAI REST API. (
\[la]http://127.0.0.1:8080\[ra])
With Podman containers.

.PP
.RS

.nf
$ ramalama chat
ðŸ¦­ >

Communicate with an alternative OpenAI REST API URL. With Docker containers.
$ ramalama chat \-\-url http://localhost:1234
ðŸ‹ >

Send multiple lines at once
$ ramalama chat
ðŸ¦­ > Hi   
ðŸ¦­ > tell me a funny story   
ðŸ¦­ > please

.fi
.RE

.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBramalama(1)\fP

.SH HISTORY
.PP
Jun 2025, Originally compiled by Dan Walsh 
\[la]dwalsh@redhat.com\[ra]
